Update CLI documentation (#60)
witnet/documentation: docs/node-operators/cli.md

```text tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node node blockchain
Error: Connection refused (os error 111)
```

```text tab="binary"
witnet node blockchain
Error: Connection refused (os error 111)
```

```text tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node blockchain
Error: Connection refused (os error 111)
```

The executable implements the usual logging API, which can be enabled using `RUST_LOG=witnet=debug`:

```text tab="docker"
$ docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node blockchain
INFO 2019-01-03T12:04:43Z: witnet::json_rpc_client: Connecting to JSON-RPC server at 127.0.0.1:21338
ERROR 2019-01-03T12:04:43Z: witnet: Error: Connection refused (os error 111)
```

```text tab="binary"
$ RUST_LOG=witnet=debug witnet node blockchain
INFO 2019-01-03T12:04:43Z: witnet::json_rpc_client: Connecting to JSON-RPC server at 127.0.0.1:21338
ERROR 2019-01-03T12:04:43Z: witnet: Error: Connection refused (os error 111)
```

```text tab="cargo"
$ RUST_LOG=witnet=debug cargo run -- node blockchain
INFO 2019-01-03T12:04:43Z: witnet::json_rpc_client: Connecting to JSON-RPC server at 127.0.0.1:21338
ERROR 2019-01-03T12:04:43Z: witnet: Error: Connection refused (os error 111)
```

> ## Commands

Reviewer: You mean a table like the one that's autogenerated by mk-docs

![Captura de pantalla de 2020-06-09 11-25-23](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44604217/84130779-fbaa6380-aa43-11ea-9a32-a9728efcbe03.png)

> ## Commands

Reviewer 2: I meant a table like with some links like this one, but maybe for another PR. :)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12464544/84177610-5fa04c80-aa83-11ea-8727-0c8c93e059ce.png)

### address

Get the public key hash of the node.

This is the address used for mining blocks, resolving data requests, and
receiving value transfer transactions.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node address
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node address
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node address
```

Example output:

```
twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

### balance

Get total balance of the given account.

> * `--address=address`: Address for which to get balance. If omitted, defaults to the node pkh.

Reviewer: :detective: 

```suggestion
* `--address=address`: Address for which to get balance. If omitted, defaults to the node address.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node balance
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node balance --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node balance
witnet node balance --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node balance
cargo run -- node balance --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

Example output:

```
34099999950005
```

### block

> Find a block by its hash.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Print out detailed information about a block being queried by its hash.
```

```

### blockchain

> List of block hashes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
List block hashes in the local block chain, matched with their epochs.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node blockchain
```

> ```sh tab="cargo"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh tab="Binary"
```

witnet node blockchain
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo --run node blockchain
```

> This method accepts two optional arguments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This method accepts two optional arguments:
```

witnet node blockchain --epoch=-1 --limit=1
```

```sh tab="cargo"
# Get all the block hashes from the genesis block
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=0 --limit=0

# Get the block hashes from epochs [0, 19]
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=0 --limit=20

# Get the block hashes from the last 10 epochs
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=-10 --limit=0

# Get the block hash from 10 epochs ago
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=-10 --limit=1

# Get the block hash from the last block
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=-1 --limit=1
```

Example output:

```
block for epoch #76229 had digest 8dd75bb0d5475a93c27c4166677fbb3bc154e6731c7e07ecad549a58851c84a4
```

### dataRequestReport

Show information about a data request.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

Example output:

> ```json

Reviewer: This is not JSON
```suggestion
```txt
```

docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node knownPeers
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node knownPeers
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node knownPeers
```

### masterKeyExport

Export the node master key.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node masterKeyExport
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node masterkeyExport
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node masterkeyExport
```

### nodeStats

Get the node stats.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node nodeStats
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node nodeStats
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node nodeStats
```

The output shows information about your node :

Block mining stats

* Proposed blocks
* Blocks included in the block chain

Data Request mining stats:

* Times with eligibility to mine a data request
* Proposed commits
* Accepted commits
* Slashed commits

Example output:

```json
Block mining stats:
- Proposed blocks: 81
- Blocks included in the block chain: 1
Data Request mining stats:
- Times with eligibility to mine a data request: 2
- Proposed commits: 0
- Accepted commits: 0
- Slashed commits: 0

```

### output

Find an output of a transaction.

```sh tab="docker"

> docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node output 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d

Reviewer: This command is unimplemented, but the syntax should be "tx-hash:output-index":

```suggestion
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node output 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d:0
```

witnet node blockchain --epoch=-1 --limit=1
```

```sh tab="cargo"
# Get all the block hashes from the genesis block
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=0 --limit=0

# Get the block hashes from epochs [0, 19]
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=0 --limit=20

# Get the block hashes from the last 10 epochs
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=-10 --limit=0

# Get the block hash from 10 epochs ago
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=-10 --limit=1

# Get the block hash from the last block
cargo run -- node blockchain --epoch=-1 --limit=1
```

Example output:

```
block for epoch #76229 had digest 8dd75bb0d5475a93c27c4166677fbb3bc154e6731c7e07ecad549a58851c84a4
```

### config

Dump the loaded config in Toml format to stdout.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node config
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node config
```

```sh tab="cargo"

```

> The configuation file can be edited addign the flag `--edit`.

Reviewer 3: I don't think this method exists all.

### dataRequestReport

Show information about a data request.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

Example output:

```txt
Report for data request 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d:
Deployed in block 159045c67d97e284588be4da89a43319735919144b2aaf1468e7eae6682f42b6 by twit10smy4dez7dpuc8yk3ck2qzgtuaa4vx3nqh5ysl
FINISHED with 2 commits and 2 reveals
Commit rounds: 1/2
Reveal rounds: 1/2
Reveals:
    [Rewarded ] twit1xpc5d7dz6rsnnjrlp98vtn496qzrawu7y5cyx4: RadonTypes::RadonFloat(10172.642950000001)
    [Rewarded ] twit1xcnfm3q57h7uh7y2m23y6hd7jsqufyrlmxgfnq: RadonTypes::RadonFloat(10172.642950000001)
Tally: RadonTypes::RadonFloat(10172.642950000001)
```

> NOTE: if you want to see the request stages in real time you can use the `watch` command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to see the request move forwards through its different stages in real time you can use the `watch` command while it is being resolved:
```

```sh tab="docker"
watch --color docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="binary"
watch --color witnet node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="cargo"
watch --color cargo run -- node dataRequestReport 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

### joinTransaction

Create a value transfer transaction that joins UTXOs.

The following arguments must be provided.

* `--value=amount`: amount in nanoWits.

> * `--fee=fee`: fee.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `--fee=fee`: miner fee in nanoWits.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node joinTransaction --value=100 --fee=1
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node joinTransaction --value=100 --fee=1
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node joinTransaction --value=100 --fee=1
```

### knownPeers

> Get the list of peers known by the node.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get the list of peer addresses known to the node. These addresses are tagged as:

- `new`: addresses that have been discovered recently and are yet to be confirmed as valid peer addresses.
- `tried`: addresses that have been verified as corresponding to a compatible Witnet node.

Nodes constantly try to verify every `new` address by opening a connection to those addresses and trying to complete a protocol handshake. Upon success, those addresses are moved into `tried`. Upon failure, those are simply forgot.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node knownPeers
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node knownPeers
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node knownPeers
```

### masterKeyExport

> Export the node master key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Export the node's master private key. Please keep this totally secret. Anyone with knowledge of this key has full access to all your wit tokens.
```

```sh tab="docker"

> docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node masterKeyExport

Reviewer 3: This method has a couple ways more to use it, but I don't know if we want to cover every option in the docs.

```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node masterkeyExport
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node masterkeyExport
```

### nodeStats

> Get the node stats.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Display local node stats.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node nodeStats
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node nodeStats
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node nodeStats
```

> The output shows information about your node :

Reviewer 3: Among other information, this shows counters for proposed and accepted blocks and participations in resolving data requests ("commitments"):

Block mining stats

* Proposed blocks
* Blocks included in the block chain

Data Request mining stats:

* Times with eligibility to mine a data request
* Proposed commits
* Accepted commits
* Slashed commits

Example output:

```json
Block mining stats:
- Proposed blocks: 81
- Blocks included in the block chain: 1
Data Request mining stats:
- Times with eligibility to mine a data request: 2
- Proposed commits: 0
- Accepted commits: 0
- Slashed commits: 0

```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!! tip
    Note that it is perfectly normal for a node to show 0 "blocks included" or "accepted commits" for the first days of it being up. Please be patient, new identities in the system are subject to an slow start for critical security reasons.
```

### output

> Find an output of a transaction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Display a transaction output, as referred by it's "output pointer", that is, `<transaction_id>:<output_index>`.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node output 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d:0
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node output 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node output 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

### peers

> Get the list of peers connected to the node.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
List inbound and outbound connections currently established by the node.

Outbound connections are those initiated on our side, and inbound connections are those that were initiated by peer nodes.

A node that does not announce a public address (IP and port) will normally have no inbound connections, as there is no way for other nodes to discover a valid network route to it.
```

```

### masterKeyExport

Export the node's master private key. Please keep this totally secret. Anyone with knowledge of this key has full access to all your wit tokens.

```sh tab="Docker"
docker exec  witnet_node ./witnet node masterKeyExport
```

```sh tab="Binary"
witnet node masterkeyExport
```

```sh tab="Cargo"
cargo run -- node masterkeyExport
```

### nodeStats

Display local node stats.

```sh tab="Docker"
docker exec  witnet_node ./witnet node nodeStats
```

```sh tab="Cargo"
cargo run -- node nodeStats
```

```sh tab="Binary"
witnet node nodeStats
```

Among other information, this shows counters for proposed and accepted blocks and participations in resolving data requests ("commitments"):

Block mining stats

* Proposed blocks
* Blocks included in the block chain

Data Request mining stats:

* Times with eligibility to mine a data request
* Proposed commits
* Accepted commits
* Slashed commits

Example output:

```json
Block mining stats:
- Proposed blocks: 81
- Blocks included in the block chain: 1
Data Request mining stats:
- Times with eligibility to mine a data request: 2
- Proposed commits: 0
- Accepted commits: 0
- Slashed commits: 0

```

!!! tip

>     Note that it is perfectly normal for a node to show 0 "blocks included" or "accepted commits" for the first days of it being up. Please be patient, new identities in the system are subject to an slow start for critical security reasons.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Note that it is perfectly normal for a node to show 0 "blocks included" or "accepted commits" for the first days of it being up. Please be patient, new identities in the system are subject to a slow start for critical security reasons.
```

> It can be used in an interactive way: each line of user input will be sent

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It can be used in an interactive way (don't forget the `-i` flag when using Docker): each line of user input will be sent
```

{"jsonrpc":"2.0","error":{"code":-32700,"message":"Parse error"},"id":null}
```

Alternatively, the input can be read from a file using pipes, as is usual in Unix-like environments. For instance, the request `bitcoin_price.json` from the [witnet-rust reposity](https://github.com/witnet/witnet-rust/tree/master/examples) can be sent using the command `raw`.

``` tab="binary"
cat examples/bitcoin_price.json | witnet node raw
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="cargo"
cat examples/bitcoin_price.json | cargo run -- node raw
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

> ### reptuation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### reputation
```

```

``` tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node send --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr --value=9999999999999999999 --fee=1
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","error":{"code":-32603,"message":"Cannot build a transaction transferring more value than the current available balance: 9999999999999999999 + 1 > 39649999949502"},"id":"1"}
```

Example with time lock set to 2019-10-01

``` tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node send --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr --value=1234 --fee=1 --time-lock=1569888000
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"e5b55ec4930f32383e63de9316238f369ee26d89d4375521071a885fc46b4c17","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="binary"
witnet node send --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr --value=1234 --fee=1 --time-lock=1569888000
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"e5b55ec4930f32383e63de9316238f369ee26d89d4375521071a885fc46b4c17","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node send --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr --value=1234 --fee=1 --time-lock=1569888000
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"e5b55ec4930f32383e63de9316238f369ee26d89d4375521071a885fc46b4c17","id":"1"}
```

> ### send-request

Reviewer: `send-request` is implemented, but why does it follow a different naming convention? Shouldn't it be `sendRequest`???

Reviewer 2: yep!

Send a serialized data request.

```sh tab="docker"

> docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node send-request 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d

Reviewer: This command was created to deploy the data request created using the solidity library. Perhaps we should mention that in the documentation, add a link to some tutorial on how to generate this data request.

https://docs.witnet.io/tutorials/bitcoin-price-feed/introduction/

```suggestion
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node send-request --hex "data request output serialized in hexadecimal format"
```

{"jsonrpc":"2.0","error":{"code":-32700,"message":"Parse error"},"id":null}
```

Alternatively, the input can be read from a file using pipes, as is usual in Unix-like environments. For instance, the request `bitcoin_price.json` from the [witnet-rust reposity](https://github.com/witnet/witnet-rust/tree/master/examples) can be sent using the command `raw`.

``` tab="docker"
cat example/bitcoin_price.json | docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node raw
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="binary"

> cat example/bitcoin_price.json | witnet node raw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cat examples/bitcoin_price.json | witnet node raw
```

{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="cargo"
cat example/bitcoin_price.json | cargo run -- node raw
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

> ### repuation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### reputation
```

Get the reputation of the given account.

> * `--address=address`: Public key hash for which to get balance. If omitted, defaults to the node pkh.

Reviewer: Using "Public key hash" in public docs is forbidden. Always prefer "Address"

```sh tab="docker"

> docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node repuation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node reputation
```

docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node repuation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node repuation
witnet node repuation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node repuation
cargo run -- node repuation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

Example output:

```
Identity twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr has 1 reputation and is active
```

Adding the flag `--all` shows all the nodes having non-zero repuation.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node repuation --all
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node repuation --all
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node repuation --all
```

Example output:

```
Total Reputation: {
    [A] twit1t99a5r6d0lqstl8rdkqw3ywfs2y4zwqhy5zprt: 1
    [A] twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr: 1
}
```

### send

Create a value transfer transaction.

> * `--address=pkh`: public key hash of the destination.

Reviewer: No mentions of public key hash or pkh please

> * `--value=amount`: value.

Reviewer: What is value?
```suggestion
* `--value=amount`: amount in nanowits.
```

```

``` tab="binary"
witnet node send --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr --value=1234 --fee=1 --time-lock=1569888000
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"e5b55ec4930f32383e63de9316238f369ee26d89d4375521071a885fc46b4c17","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node send --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr --value=1234 --fee=1 --time-lock=1569888000
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"e5b55ec4930f32383e63de9316238f369ee26d89d4375521071a885fc46b4c17","id":"1"}
```

### send-request

Send a serialized data request.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node send-request 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node send-request 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node send-request 33c656101dd1dfa2258415d6487c648152b95983d1151f46a679b5d1902f6a8d
```

### server

Run a Witnet node server.

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node server
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node server
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node server
```

> ### show-config

Reviewer: This is not implemented, if we want it implemented let's open an issue in witnet-rust

```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node transaction f6ebdd2e3f52af8404ae3dfbf87fcfc85803a8c14a35966acca6e18585acb8f5
```

The hash of the transaction should be provided as a hexadecimal string.

Example output:

```json
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":{"blockHash":"0c29023ec3c8c9e1a51871a67e235168315160d9f757737c2c390f0a35ad1b24","transaction":{"ValueTransfer":{"body":{"inputs":[{"output_pointer":"126549b3ea96f40bb211660d7991109d72b43e68e846ea76d4d2f6cd5a3cc7ff:1"}],"outputs":[{"pkh":"twit12nqlkyp0zfhthfz898tplh3ns7nedcvlezx4r4","time_lock":0,"value":100},{"pkh":"twit10smy4dez7dpuc8yk3ck2qzgtuaa4vx3nqh5ysl","time_lock":0,"value":499999999987}]},"signatures":[{"public_key":{"bytes":[109,158,138,247,58,8,183,138,57,113,147,147,136,177,252,244,33,147,143,200,255,89,208,192,214,81,128,224,219,180,136,155],"compressed":3},"signature":{"Secp256k1":{"der":[48,68,2,32,25,163,14,139,5,92,35,157,90,73,162,93,88,67,117,152,104,178,208,225,123,131,236,59,240,136,18,55,79,168,12,218,2,32,76,68,59,125,99,133,74,11,232,70,157,116,68,151,70,39,187,132,190,110,245,214,29,179,198,182,24,133,137,177,187,142]}}}]}}},"id":"1"}
```

### utxos

> Get the unspent transaction outputs of the node. This informes you about how many UTXOs your node have that can be spent in data requests, i.e. they are ready to be used as collateral.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get the unspent transaction outputs of the node. This shows how many UTXOs your node have that can be spent in data requests, i.e. they are ready to be used as collateral.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node utxos
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node utxos
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node utxos
```

The output includes information about:

* `Total number of utxos`

> * `Total number of utxos bigger than collateral minimun`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Total number of utxos bigger than collateral minimum`
```

```

``` tab="Binary"
cat examples/bitcoin_price.json | witnet node raw
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="Cargo"
cat examples/bitcoin_price.json | cargo run -- node raw
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

### reputation

Displays the reputation score associated with a given Witnet address.

* `--address=address`: address for which to get reputation score. If omitted, defaults to the node's own address.

```sh tab="Docker"
docker exec  witnet_node ./witnet node reputation
docker exec  witnet_node ./witnet node reputation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

```sh tab="Binary"
witnet node reputation
witnet node reputation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

```sh tab="Cargo"
cargo run -- node reputation
cargo run -- node reputation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

Example output:

```
Identity twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr has 1 reputation and is active
```

Adding the flag `--all` flag lists all the nodes having non-zero reputation.

> !!! tip
>     Note that it is perfectly normal for a node to show 0 reputation for the first days of it being up. Please be patient, new identities in the system are subject to an slow start for critical security reasons.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!! tip
    Note that it is perfectly normal for a node to show 0 reputation for the first days of it being up. Please be patient, new identities in the system are subject to a slow start for critical security reasons.
```

{"jsonrpc":"2.0","error":{"code":-32700,"message":"Parse error"},"id":null}
```

> Alternatively, the input can be read from a file using pipes, as is usual in Unix-like environments. For instance, the request `bitcoin_price.json` from the [witnet-rust reposity](https://github.com/witnet/witnet-rust/tree/master/examples) can be sent using the command `raw`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the input can be read from a file using pipes, as is usual in Unix-like environments. For instance, the  `bitcoin_price.json` data request example from the [witnet-rust reposity](https://github.com/witnet/witnet-rust/tree/master/examples) can be easily deployed into the network using the `raw` command like this:
```

> ``` tab="binary"

Reviewer 3: We are missing the Docker tab here, right?

It should work like this:
```
cat examples/bitcoin_price.json | docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node raw
```

cat examples/bitcoin_price.json | witnet node raw
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="cargo"
cat examples/bitcoin_price.json | cargo run -- node raw
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"06e19d996a6776d6cd1ca215f6acd0975d71e64a9dacc06fcfdd7b2538cdbf6d","id":"1"}
```

### reputation

> Get the reputation of the given account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Displays the reputation score associated with a given Witnet address.
```

> * `--address=address`: address for which to get balance. If omitted, defaults to the node address.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `--address=address`: address for which to get reputation score. If omitted, defaults to the node's own address.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node reputation
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node reputation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node reputation
witnet node reputation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node reputation
cargo run -- node reputation --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr
```

Example output:

```
Identity twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr has 1 reputation and is active
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

!!! tip
    Note that it is perfectly normal for a node to show 0 reputation for the first days of it being up. Please be patient, new identities in the system are subject to an slow start for critical security reasons.

```

> Adding the flag `--all` shows all the nodes having non-zero reputation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Adding the `--all` flag lists all the nodes having non-zero reputation.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node reputation --all
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node reputation --all
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node reputation --all
```

Example output:

```
Total Reputation: {
    [A] twit1t99a5r6d0lqstl8rdkqw3ywfs2y4zwqhy5zprt: 1
    [A] twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr: 1
}
```

### send

> Create a value transfer transaction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create and broadcast a value transfer transaction. That is, send some amount of wit tokens from the node's own balance into a different Witnet address.
```

> * `--address=address`: address hash of the destination.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `--address=address`: recipient address.
```

* `--value=amount`: amount in nanoWits.

> * `--fee=fee`: fee.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `--fee=fee`: miner fee in nanoWits.
```

{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"e5b55ec4930f32383e63de9316238f369ee26d89d4375521071a885fc46b4c17","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="binary"
witnet node send --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr --value=1234 --fee=1 --time-lock=1569888000
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"e5b55ec4930f32383e63de9316238f369ee26d89d4375521071a885fc46b4c17","id":"1"}
```

``` tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node send --address=twit1ulyzvnknjnndkfva636erkkp83wxhhwdfhptsr --value=1234 --fee=1 --time-lock=1569888000
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"e5b55ec4930f32383e63de9316238f369ee26d89d4375521071a885fc46b4c17","id":"1"}
```

### sendRequest

Send a serialized data request. An example of how to create such a request can be found in the [tutorial](https://docs.witnet.io/tutorials/bitcoin-price-feed/introduction/).

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node sendRequest --hex "data request output serialized in hexadecimal format"
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node sendRequest --hex "data request output serialized in hexadecimal format"
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node sendRequest --hex "data request output serialized in hexadecimal format"
```

### server

Run a Witnet node server.

> ```sh tab="docker"
> docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node server
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```text tab="docker"
It is usually not a good idea to run a second Witnet node server inside an existing Docker container. Please use a second Docker container instead.
```
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node server
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node server
```

### splitTransaction

Create a value transfer transaction that splits UTXOs.

The following arguments must be provided:

* `--value=amount`: amount in nanoWits.

> * `--size=size`:size.

Reviewer 3: What's size? Only @lrubiorod knows... :rofl:

> * `--fee=fee`: fee.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `--fee=fee`: miner fee in nanoWits.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node joinTransaction --value=100 --size=3 --fee=1
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node joinTransaction --value=100 --size=3 --fee=1
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node joinTransaction --value=100 --size=3 --fee=1
```

### transaction

> Find a transaction by its hash.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Print out detailed information about a transaction being queried by its hash.
```

```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node transaction f6ebdd2e3f52af8404ae3dfbf87fcfc85803a8c14a35966acca6e18585acb8f5
```

The hash of the transaction should be provided as a hexadecimal string.

Example output:

```json
{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":{"blockHash":"0c29023ec3c8c9e1a51871a67e235168315160d9f757737c2c390f0a35ad1b24","transaction":{"ValueTransfer":{"body":{"inputs":[{"output_pointer":"126549b3ea96f40bb211660d7991109d72b43e68e846ea76d4d2f6cd5a3cc7ff:1"}],"outputs":[{"pkh":"twit12nqlkyp0zfhthfz898tplh3ns7nedcvlezx4r4","time_lock":0,"value":100},{"pkh":"twit10smy4dez7dpuc8yk3ck2qzgtuaa4vx3nqh5ysl","time_lock":0,"value":499999999987}]},"signatures":[{"public_key":{"bytes":[109,158,138,247,58,8,183,138,57,113,147,147,136,177,252,244,33,147,143,200,255,89,208,192,214,81,128,224,219,180,136,155],"compressed":3},"signature":{"Secp256k1":{"der":[48,68,2,32,25,163,14,139,5,92,35,157,90,73,162,93,88,67,117,152,104,178,208,225,123,131,236,59,240,136,18,55,79,168,12,218,2,32,76,68,59,125,99,133,74,11,232,70,157,116,68,151,70,39,187,132,190,110,245,214,29,179,198,182,24,133,137,177,187,142]}}}]}}},"id":"1"}
```

### utxos

> Get the unspent transaction outputs of the node. This shows how many UTXOs your node have that can be spent in data requests, i.e. they are ready to be used as collateral.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get the unspent transaction outputs of the node. This shows how many UTXOs are available for your node to spend or collateralize.
```

```sh tab="docker"
docker exec -i witnet_node ./witnet node utxos
```

```sh tab="binary"
witnet node utxos
```

```sh tab="cargo"
cargo run -- node utxos
```

The output includes information about:

* `Total number of utxos`
* `Total number of utxos bigger than collateral minimum`
* `Total number of utxos older than collateral coinage`

> The flag `--long` can be added to the command to get more details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The flag `--long` can be added to the command to get a detailed list of the UTXOs and whether each of them is spendable or collateralizable at this time.
```

witnet node server
```

> ```sh tab="cargo"

Reviewer: Why remove this?
